add READMe.md (#230)
SyneRBI/SIRF-Exercises: notebooks/SPECT/README.md

Jupyter notebooks for the SPECT exercises. Recommended order:

## Week 1

> 1. [SPECT\_acquisition\_model](SPECT_acquisition_model.ipynb) shows how to run a `sirf.STIR` using a spect projection matrix `SPECTUB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [SPECT\_acquisition\_model](SPECT_acquisition_model.ipynb) shows how to use `sirf.STIR` with a SPECT projection matrix `SPECTUB` (suitable for parallel beam collimators).
```
